hey guys it's Jess and I'm here with a
install review as well as a two-week
update review on my her hair company
Brazilian straight hair so I have it in
a 16 18 20 and 22 and they did also send
me a 16 inch closure which I wore for
about two days but then I decided that I
really wanted to have leave out in my
usual side part so I will insert a
picture of what it looked like when I
had the closure in which is really
awesome like the closure was great
it laid perfectly and I really liked it
but I just really wanted to leave out
for this so that it could look really
really natural and I could do other
styles besides just you know a middle
part which I really don't think I look
good in the middle part anyway I don't
know I feel like my head is shaped funny
for a middle part so that's why I always
do side parts unless it's like textured
hair but as far as for straight hair I
really like doing a side part but yeah
let me just go ahead and tell you guys
the experience I had with his hair so
far and honestly I am loving this hair I
know you guys say oh you always love
your hair and like I'm sorry but I do
really love this hair a lot like this
hair I wanted to try her hair company
for a very long time after seeing so
many different youtubers um you know try
them out and I always wanted to try them
so I was very excited when they had
contacted me and asked if I wanted to do
a review for their Brazilian straight
hair because since doing YouTube reviews
I really haven't done straight hair and
the last straight hair I did was very
like then to me but this hair is so
thick we see if I could bag that so this
hair is very thick as you can see I
haven't three and a half bundles of this
hair and the way my wig is set up its
own to my head and it's shaped like a C
and I think it looks really natural I've
been loving this hair for the past two
weeks I've gotten so many compliments on
this hair because I really one thing I
really like about Brazilian hair is that
it does
building with my hair very well like
some people thought it was my real hair
I don't know you know some people
followed my real hair and you know I
would tell them oh you know it's not but
thanks for not the compliment but I'm
sorry for playing my hair laughs I just
want to show you guys how thick this
hair is and it's like no tangles with
this hair I did just wash this hair well
actually just go wash this hair last
night I used the Aussie moist
conditioner I always use that
conditioner if not I use the shea
moisture conditioner which you can see
in my how I wash my you part video which
I'll link down below but that's what I
use on this hair because this hair came
soft already like when I first installed
it I didn't co wash it because I was in
a hurry to wash this hair so it wasn't
it was still soft before I even co wash
it but after I co wash it it got so much
softer and it's great like I really love
this hair and for real no like it's no
problems with this hair like it's no
shedding if it is it'll be like one
strand literally and that's when I like
wash the hair and it will only really be
one strand and I really think that's
because on the top I started to cut my
web so that it could lay flatter and
that's really it way I sleep is I just
put this hair in a ponytail and then I
just wrap a scarf around my edges and
that's how I sleep
and when I wake up it's really like
really really really low maintenance but
it'll be like a little dip from the
ponytail so I just bump that out and
I'll be ready to go like when I do my
hair it'll literally take me about five
minutes because his hair is so low
maintenance since it is straight hair
and then it's no tangles so I don't put
any product on this hair I don't even
use argan oil the only products I do use
when I do straighten it after I have
washed it I washed his hair at three
times so the only product I use is the
Tresemme heat protectant oil and that's
alright heat protecting spray and that's
it like I don't put anything else on
this hair which is great like I love
low-maintenance hair
so I would definitely recommend this
hair from my experience so far because I
haven't had any problems there customer
service is really great when I talked to
the owner they were very nice you know
they asked me you know just take your
time because I told them like I had
another of you to do before I could do
their hair and you know they didn't
badger me like some companies do so that
was really awesome and like I just said
I really love this hair like this is
gonna be a wig that I will go to until
there's no more hair on these tracks
like I love this hair and I don't know
what else to say besides I really love
this hair so like I said I love this
hair I don't know what else there is to
say besides I love this hair um if I
miss anything that you guys want to know
please just comment down below and I
would definitely answer any questions
you have but yeah that's it thanks so
much for watching it'll freeze rate
comment and subscribe bye